READIT.md, before:

# TravelCast

## Description

This project uses the OpenWeather server-side API to create an easy to navigate dashboard which gives the user the current weather and the forecast for the next five days in an easy to read interface. The city is saved in the search history so that it can easily be checked again by simply clicking on it. 

## Table of Contents 

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Badges](#badges)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

To run this application locally, clone or download the repo which contains the necssary html, css, and js files. 

## Usage

![TravelCast](https://github.com/vulpesviator/06-weather-dashboard/assets/123843930/5993cdd1-5606-43a7-8857-3ce1e5224b3f)

0. you can type in the name of any city in the search bar in the upper left.


## Contributing

- [Build a Simple Weather App With Vanilla JavaScript](https://webdesign.tutsplus.com/tutorials/build-a-simple-weather-app-with-vanilla-javascript--cms-33893)
- [API request by City name](https://openweathermap.org/current#name)


##License
  
  [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-BSD_2--Clause-orange.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause)

  BSD 2-Clause License

## Tests

Tested

## Questions

Created by [vulpesviator](http://github.com/vulpesviator)

If you have questions on this application, you may contact me at vulpesviator@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added full name and copyright info

READIT.md, after:

# A title

## Description

A long description

## Table of Contents 

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Badges](#badges)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation

steps to install

## Usage

![A title](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/123843930/234964270-eba8ffe6-d341-4655-8d41-9b75a286e3d3.gif)

1. instructions
2. to create
3. how this
4. works pls


## Contributing

- [JavaScript Quiz](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_quiz.asp)
- [Resolving TypeError: Cannot Read Property of Undefined in JavaScript](https://rollbar.com/blog/javascript-typeerror-cannot-read-property-of-undefined/)
- [10 JavaScript Quiz Questions with solutions PDF download Test your Knowledge](https://basescripts.com/110-javascript-quiz-questions-with-solutions-pdf-download-test-your-knowledge)


##License
  
  [![License: Unlicense](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Unlicense-blue.svg)](http://unlicense.org/)

  The Unlicense

## Tests

Testing

## Questions

Created by [vulpesviator](http://github.com/vulpesviator)

If you have questions on this application, you may contact me at vulpesviator@gmail.com

## Copyright

Copyright (c) [2023] [Travis Hoffman]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
