TEST.md, before:

# a title

  ## Description

  this is a descript

  ## Table of Contents 
  
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [Badges](#badges)
  - [Tests](#tests)
  - [Contact](#contact)

  ## Installation

  installation guidelines

  ## Usage

  usage info

  To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

      ```md
      ![a title](./assets/img.jpg)
      ```

  ## Credits

  collaborator 1, 3, 4, 5

  

  ## Badges

  ![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

  Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

  ## Tests

  testing info

  ##Contact

  Created by [vulpesviator](http://github.com/vulpesviator)

  vulpesviator@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added for loop for contributors list

TEST.md, after:

# The Project

  ## Description

  a quick description

  ## Table of Contents 

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Badges](#badges)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

  ## Installation

  There are so many steps that I'll probably hneed to break these up as well

  ## Usage

  Some base instructison that may need to into a list too

  To add a screenshot, create an `assets/images` folder in your repository and upload your screenshot to it. Then, using the relative filepath, add it to your README using the following syntax:

      ```md
      ![The Project](./assets/img.png)
      ```

  ## Contributing

- Sara
- Tim
- This should be alink
- one/more/html


  ##License
  
  [![License: WTFPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-WTFPL-brightgreen.svg)](http://www.wtfpl.net/about/)

  The MIT License

  ## Badges

  ![badmath](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/lernantino/badmath)

  Badges aren't necessary, per se, but they demonstrate street cred. Badges let other developers know that you know what you're doing. Check out the badges hosted by [shields.io](https://shields.io/). You may not understand what they all represent now, but you will in time.

  ## Tests

  examples for testings

  ##Questions

  Created by [vulpesviator](http://github.com/vulpesviator)

  If you have questions on this application, you may contact me at vulpesviator@gmail.com
